Cleanup Concepts page (#2409)
flyteorg/flyte: rsts/concepts/dynamic_spec.rst

Dynamic Job Spec
================

> A dynamic job spec is a subset of the entire workflow spec that defines a set of tasks, workflows as well as nodes and output bindindgs that control how the job should assemble its outputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dynamic job spec is a subset of the entire workflow spec that defines a set of tasks, workflows, nodes, and output bindings that control how the job should assemble its outputs.
```
